---
layout: event
title:  "Oculus Rift and VR Overview"
categories: events main-meeting
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/igdatc-june-2013-oculus-rift-and-vr-overview-tickets-6918309851#"
---

#### Oculus Rift and VR Overview
##### Zach Wendt

The Oculus Rift is a new VR headset that has been making a huge waves in the gaming press/community since it's $2.5M Kickstarter last summer.  The Rift v1 / developer kit hardware started shipping at E3 in March, and has been ramping up since.  I've spent 6 weeks with a Rift, and 4 years tracking this project.

The talk is aimed at developers of all disciplines, My goal is to cut through the hype/dreams and give a true understanding of where we are, and we're likely going next.  I'll also be giving a fast paced high level education on general VR.  Don't worry, lots of pictures and video included.

* What makes the Rift special vs other VR gear
* Rift v1 shortcomings, and likely changes for v2 consumer hardware
* High level overview of related human senses: vision, vestibular, kinesthesia
* Adapting to VR if you're prone to simulator sickness (like me)
* Designing for VR vs adapting an existing game, and early best practices
* Clever ideas / videos from early adopters, demos that really "work" in the Rift
* A couple of my wacky prototypes
* What's next for the VR enthusiast?  How far off is mass-market VR?


#### FAR 
##### Thomas Edmonson and co.

10 students. 3 months. 1 game. Can they do it? Hear about the struggles to build a game engine from scratch, the head scratching of 10 programmers faced with making art, and be amazed at the result.  FAR is an RPG/TBS hybrid that was the final projects for "Design and Implementation of Game Engines" at the U of M.


#### Agenda:
* 6:00 Pre-show: E3 vids.  Pizza and Soda thanks to the Nerdery!
* 6:30 Quick highlights from [eyeo](http://eyeofestival.com/) - various
* 6:45 Thomas Edmonson
* 7:15 Zach Wendt


