---
layout: event
title:  "MN VR and HCI Sept 2014: Oculus Connect and DK2 Features"
image: "/assets/2014/2014-09-24.jpg"
categories: events vr-hci
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/mn-vr-and-hci-sept-2014-oculus-connect-and-dk2-features-tickets-13159639837?aff=ebdsoporgprofile"
---

#### Oculus Connect Recap
##### Chris Johnson - [Dual Reality Games](http://www.dualrealitygames.com/)

The Oculus Connect conference is 9/19 - 9/20, and looks to be jam packed with detailed technical, design and physiological info. Check the schedule for details. Or as Palmer put it "I heard a rumor that it is going to be very developer centric, not a public relations and press hub like most company-run events. Announcements will revolve around things that are relevant to existing VR developers, not the general public."


#### DK2 Features and Troubleshooting
##### Zach Wendt

The Oculus Rift Development Kit 2 is hugely improved, and it's greatly reduced my sim sickness. But, it also has tough performance requirements, hardware compatibility issues, and a very young SDK - any of which can trigger the dreaded "judder" effect. This will be a quick overview of all the new hardware, sensors and SDK features, an in-depth discussion of Timewarp, and some performance tips and troubleshooting advice ...for PC, Mac expertise very welcome.

I will discuss:

- OLED display pros/cons
- Panel "overdrive"
- 75hz and low persistence mode
- Rift "Direct Mode" device driver pros/cons
- Positional tracking / IR camera tips
- Integrated latency tester
- Timewarp in depth
- Preview of asynchronous timewarp (like Note 4 / Gear VR)
- New frame pipeline, render targets and performance changes

I'm planning on showing video examples. Please get in touch if you have a portable computer than can drive a DK2 with all features working well AND mirror to a projector. It's valuable info even if you can't be there.

