---
layout: event
title:  "Global Game Jam 2014"
categories: events
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/igdatc-global-game-jam-2014-tickets-2702965643#"
---

#### Global Game Jam 2014

IGDATC is once again organizing a site for the Global Game Jam, and The Nerdery is once again our generous host.

##### 1/23 Updates:

* Come in the regular door to check-in.  We'll stage gear near there until Nerdery staff clear out of the cafeteria.  You have the option to move your car to the back lot after checking in - it may help with big/heavy gear. Everyone will wait until after team formation (9ish) to set up gear.  Waitlist people will go last, but we'll do our best to get you decent work areas.  So, plan on staying.
* Please add a photo to your profile, even I did.  Watch out for their circular cropping, you'll only recognize Hollie by her dress :)  Jammers from previous years - you need a higher res pic than before.
* Bring cash in small, unmarked bills.  There will be some group food buys.

* Dress in layers :) - heating is uneven at night.
* Also, if you're staying over, bring stuff for the on-site showers, or at least extra socks and deodorant.
* Slight tweak to Sat night schedule (see below) to fit in our GGJ Radio time-slot at 7pm.  We want your music!

IGDATC is looking for music submissions for Global Gam Jam Radio, IGDATC edition.  We'll be broadcasting live around the world 7-8pm Saturday.  Listen in here: http://globalgamejam.org/radio If you would like to have your music played on air, please ensure that it is music either composed locally, or for a local game. Ensure that there are no copyright conflicts before submitting your music.

Please include a brief blurb as to what you would like said about your music on-air (track name, what game is it for, what's your name, etc.). We can't be certain that we will be able to air all clips in the time allotted, but we will do our best.  If you have more than one song, rank them.

Send music and blurb to torikamal@gmail.com

##### Here's the updated schedule:

<pre>
Fri
6 - 7     Arrive and haul in gear (you could wait to set up until after 9)
6:30-ish  Pizza - Thanks Nerdery!
7 - 7:30  Keynote, Secret Theme and Diversifiers reveal
7:30 - 9  Intros/Pitches/Questions.
9-ish     Team up, set up, get to work!
 
Sat
by noon   All projects created on GGJ website, and people assigned
5pm       Start recording short video clips of your WIP game
6pm       Gather everyone and watch videos, discuss
6:45-ish  Pizza - Thanks Nerdery!
7 - 8pm   Global Gam Jam Radio, IGDATC edition.  http://globalgamejam.org/radio

Sun
by 3pm    ...or sooner. Package assets upload, record YouTube trailier, clean
before 5  You and your gear out of the building.  Go home and sleep.
</pre>


##### 1/22 Updates:

* The wonderful folks at The Nerdery are buying us pizza for dinner Fri and Sat around 6:30 - just before our 7pm events in the Nerdatorium.
* We are full, and have some folks on the waitlist.
* Please let us know ASAP if you are not able to attend, or might be late (and what time.) igdatwincities@gmail.com
* To reserve your spot, you need an All 3 days or Part-time ticket and a valid GGJ account  (1 per person.) We have limited working space, but will try for more if needed.  Please cancel if your plans change.
* You must first create (or update) an account on http://globalgamejam.org/ that includes real name, email and photo.  Include that profile name as you register for a ticket here on EventBrite.
* GGJ is an on-site event.  Friday night is the keynote, reveal of secret theme and diversifiers, game idea pitching and team formation.  You must attend to keep your spot.  Part-timers can work remotely mostly/some of the time after that.  We could make an exception to missing Friday if you have a compelling story and are working with a friend on-site.

##### FAQs:

* Most people form teams after the pitching/brainstorming.  It's also fine to bring a group, or work solo.  You'll still get plenty of feedback and fun.  It's also fine to work on multiple projects - audio and art has been in short supply previous years.
* We're open all 48 hours.  The Nerdery has beverages, fridges, microwaves, sinks, showers, and conference rooms for a nap.  You don't have to stay continuously.  The non-hardcore are allowed to sleep at home.  Hygene is strongly reccomended on or off-site.
* All source code, assets and projects must be uploaded to GGJ at the end.  It's also fine to use external libraries and engines that are freely available.  Any format is fair-game including physical, board games, text, etc.  Easy/no install is strongly reccomended - like web builds or "just unzip."
* WiFi and desk space is provided.  Bring hardware and software you need.  Don't forget things like: extension cord / power strip, joystick(s), thumb drive, chargers, etc.
* Head to our Google Group for discussion and other questions: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/igda-tc

Here's some additional reading and our IGDATC sites from previous years:
* http://globalgamejam.org/history
* http://globalgamejam.org/faq
* http://www.igdatc.org/global-game-jam-2012/
* http://2013.globalgamejam.org/sites/2013/igda-twin-cities-igdatc


