---
layout: event
title:  "MN VR and HCI Mar 2015: GDC In-depth, Oculus Audio SDK"
image: "/assets/2015/2015-03-26.jpg"
categories: events vr-hci
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/mn-vr-and-hci-mar-2015-gdc-in-depth-oculus-audio-sdk-tickets-16240811705?aff=ebdsoporgprofile"
---

#### In-depth Discussion of GDC Announcements

It was hard to miss coverage this month of HTC Vive and Steam Lighthouse tracking, but almost all of that initial coverage came with some misinformation. We'll cover the corrected details, watch the best video highlights, and speculate a bit on what's next. Plenty of time will be spent discussing the new opportunities and challenges arriving soon for human interaction design in VR. And, we'll mostly skip the internet armchair quarterbacking of different companies announcement and release schedules.

We also want to cover every other relevant announcement, tech, demo and device - big or small. We'll have a quick summary and/or video for the biggies, but please bring your slightly smaller or more obscure favorite!

If you attended GDC or the surrounding events, please share your favorite experiences and new knowledge.

#### Oculus Audio SDK 0.9.2 First Look
##### Zach Wendt

The first release of the Oculus Audio SDK (using licensed Realspace Audio tech) just came out on 3/4. I'll give a quick overview of the features and supported platforms, and my experiences integrating the Oculus Spatializer Plugin into an existing Unity DK2 project for PC. Your experiences integrating into FMOD, Wwise, and mobile/GearVR projects are welcome.

