---
layout: event
title:  "IGDATC May 2018 - Mansions of Madness 2nd Edition: Postmortem"
image: "/assets/2018/2018-05-09.jpg"
categories: events main-meeting
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/igdatc-may-2018-mansions-of-madness-2nd-edition-postmortem-tickets-45631061734?aff=ebdsoporgprofile"
---

##### Andrew Fischer

The new edition of ‘Mansions of Madness’ combines the collaboration and camaraderie of a co-op board game with the complex branching narrative and hidden information of a digital RPG. Creating a game that could only exist as both a board game and an app while feeling as seamless as either of those on their own presented significant challenges. In this talk, Mansions scenario designer Andrew Fischer will share the conceptual knowledge the team learned while tackling this unique cross-genre of games and will detail the successes and failures in applying this knowledge to this game and its expansions.

Andrew Fischer, Board and Card Game Manager - Fantasy Flight Games Andrew Fischer got his start in the games industry in 2010 as a roleplaying game designer at Fantasy Flight Games working on the Warhammer and Star Wars Roleplaying games. He has since branched out, designing the tabletop miniatures game RuneWars, the Fallout board game, and the scenarios for the app-integrated board game Mansions of Madness. He now works as the Board and Card Game Manager at Fantasy Flight, overseeing the team that creates app-integrated games such as XCOM: the Board Game and Descent: Road to Legend; games that combine tabletop and digital mechanics in new and unique ways.


#### NES development primer
##### Scott Lembcke

NES homebrew development is alive and well in 2018. Thanks to modern tools, libraries, and crowd sourced reverse-engineering, it's much easier than it used to be. Though the NES hardware is extremely limited by today's standars, there is plenty of fun to be had. Come and learn how you can get started on this renowned console. Assembly programming optional.

Scott Lembcke is the primary author of the Chipmunk2D physics engine, and has also contributed as the main technical lead for the Cocos2D-Spritebuilder game engine. By day he works as a contractor specializing in graphics software, ranging from Disney games to mapping software for UAVs. By night he flies racing drones and works on his own personal game projects.


