---
layout: event
title:  "MN VR and HCI Jan 2018: CES, Windows MR, Game Jams"
image: "/assets/2018/2018-01-24.jpg"
categories: events vr-hci
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/mn-vr-and-hci-jan-2018-ces-windows-mr-game-jams-tickets-42320777585?aff=ebdsoporgprofile"
---

This month, we're discussing a broad set of topics at a high level this month and we want your participation! Bring your favorite news, tips, experiences, and questions.

#### CES 2018
##### Thong Nguyen

CES 2018 had a lot of new AR and VR headsets, news on existing ones, and a lot of beards. Thong Nguyen was there! He'll share his favorites, photos and impressions. Then, Thong will lead a guided discussion - bring your favorite news and questions.

#### Windows Mixed Reality Overview
##### Zach Wendt

Five new VR headsets were released this fall under the Windows MR banner. They all feature 6dof inside-out tracking using cameras on the front of the headset, and 6dof controllers. Zach will contrast the capabilities and quality with Vive, Rift, and HoloLens. He will complain less than 5 minutes about the redefinition of Mixed Reality. Bring your questions, and especially experiences using and/or programming these headsets.

#### Game Jam Tips and VR/AR Quick Starts
##### Martin Grider, Marc Jensen, Patrick Swinnea, Zach Wendt

We'll share our best tips for productivity, and pitfalls to avoid during a game jam or any other short term project. In past years, we've published startup guides for all major AR/VR platforms. This year, we'll focus on newer/rarer ones like ARKit, ARCore, Daydream and HoloLens. Vive, Rift, GearVR and Cardboard are approaching 2 years old, and documentation is widespread. We'll also share more general tips for your first VR/AR project, use of source control, learning Unity and UE4. Bring your favorite tips, and game jam experiences.

