---
layout: event
title:  "UW Stout Senior Capstone Projects"
image: "/assets/2020/2020-05-stout.jpeg"
categories: events main-meeting
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/igdatc-may-2020-online-with-uw-stout-capstone-showcase-tickets-104343199318#"
published: true
---

#### UW Stout Senior Capstone Projects

At the University of Wisconsin – Stout, the Senior Capstone in game design brings together students enrolled in the BFA-Art and BS-Computer Science Game Design & Development programs, who use their respective knowledge and skills to create a 3D game over the course of one academic year. This presentation will showcase their completed work and feature a short Q&A with each dev team. In place of their traditional playtest/exhibit, [Stout Game Expo](https://www.uwstout.edu/academics/colleges-schools/school-art-design/sgx20), their virtual event website will debut on Friday, May 15, with links to trailers, websites and downloads for all titles.

##### CHOP SHOP

Half "Twisted Metal" half "Mario Kart", battle your way through this fun, 4-up couch co-op, physics-based driving game. Knock pieces off your opponents and steal or scrap their parts to make the ultimate ride.

##### FATE OF FACTIONS

A 2-4 player free-for-all arena fighting game; play as a Warrior, Rogue, Ranger or Mage and fight until the whole realm is flying your faction’s banner!

##### FISKUR

Fisherman by day, warrior by night. A marooned Viking must battle a series of sea monsters.

##### KISETSU

Play as a shrine maiden platforming her way through the Japanese mountainside, restoring balance to nature's seasons.

##### LEON NIGHTS

Dance your way through a frenetic brawl, bathed in pulsing neon, as you take down the skeletal hordes of RaveLord DJ Graves and drop the beat!

##### NEKIRI’S TAIL

When shadowy souls return to bring misery to innocent citizens, a town's cat guardian must stealthily solve a series of puzzles to guide the citizens to safety and expel the "Damned."

##### PESTILENCE

Play this action-thriller as an ancient deity clearing a rampant infection from the subway tunnels of a near-future city.

##### SHEPHERD’S SKY

Equipped with only a balloon, leaf blower, and fishing pole, find and return your beloved sheep to your peaceful farm while avoiding the Wolfclops and his minions.


