---
layout: event
title:  "Global Game Jam - IGDATC @ Xirgo"
categories: events special-events
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/global-game-jam-igdatc-xirgo-tickets-89597345071"
image: "/assets/2020/ggj-2020-xirgo.jpeg"
---

IGDATC is organizing a site for the [Global Game Jam](https://globalgamejam.org/), and [Xirgo Technologies](https://xirgo.com/) is our generous host. Come brainstorm, collaborate, and create! Whether a seasoned veteran, or someone just curious about game development, this event is for you! Please bring your own hardware, software, and an open mind to ensure your success.

Tentative Schedule
Friday, January 31, 2020
6 - 6:30pm  Arrive and haul in gear
6:30 - 7pm  Keynote, Secret Theme and Diversifiers revealed
7 - 8pm     Intros/Pitches/Questions
8 - 9pm     Social hour/Team formation/Start Jamming!

Saturday, February 1, 2020
All day     Create!
By noon     Create game page and add all jammers to the project

Sunday, February 2, 2020
By 1pm      Start uploading game assets to GGJ website
3 - 4pm     Clean up and load out. Go home and sleep

FAQ
Do I need to bring a team?
Most people form teams after the pitching/brainstorming, but it is fine to bring a group, or just work alone. You will still get plenty of feedback and fun. It is also okay to work on multiple team/projects - audio and art has been in short supply in previous years.
Will there be food?
As a free site, we will not be providing any meal options. There are a few restaurants and fast food options available in the area, but check ahead for their hours as some are closed on weekends. Please feel free to bring your own snacks and beverages - but no alcohol please.
What do I need to know about the site itself?
We are open from 6pm on Friday to 4pm on Sunday, but the exterior doors will remain locked. Contact us at 651-243-0368 to be let in if you arrive and there is no one at the door.
WiFi and desk space is provided. You must bring any hardware and/or software you need. Do not forget things like: extension cord / power strip, joystick(s), thumb drive, chargers, etc.
There are showers available. Please bring your own towels and toiletries. A conference room will be available to nap, but we do not have a designated sleeping area large enough to accommodate everyone. You do not have to stay on site for the entire weekend.
Anything else I should know?
Check out the official Global Game Jam FAQs for additional information. Or contact us if you have any questions.