---
layout: event
title: "IGDA Twin Cities Holiday Gathering @ Gamezenter"
image: "/assets/2022/2022-12-14.jpg"
categories: events
eventbrite: "https://www.eventbrite.com/e/igda-twin-cities-holiday-gathering-gamezenter-tickets-474283614057?aff=ebdsoporgprofile"
---

Hear ye, Hear ye! 'Tis with great merriment that we announce - the IGDA Twin Cities Holiday gathering cometh!

It has been a while since we've last seen each other, and what better way to celebrate the occasion - than playing games together!?

Wednesday, December 14th from 6PM - 9PM we will be meeting in person at the Roseville Gamezenter located at 1975 County Road B2 W, Roseville, MN 55113

The IGDATC Board will bring a few computers and monitors for games to be enjoyed (Jackbox 9, Mario Party/Kart to name a few), but feel free to bring things to play with others as well! We won't be providing food or beverages ourselves, but a kitchen with coffee and alcoholic beverages is available at the venue (please drink and plan responsibly!)

Bring your old, your disused, your unplayed games to the game exchange table! We'll try our best to re-home them with a fellow gamedev enthusiast.

We'll also be running a version of the comedy game show "Um, Actually!" The game consists of the host sharing trivia about video games, movies, and more, but every statement is inaccurate and it's up to you to correct them for points. Will there be a big prize for the winner? Maybe! (It might depend on what shows up on the game exchange table...)

We will be following the vaccination and masking policy of our venue for this event. Those guidelines are: Masks recommended, no proof of vaccination required. If you are feeling ill or have any cold/flu symptoms, please stay home.

Looking forward to seeing you all there, and game together once again!

